3rd Journal:

9/25: As you can see from the name of this, this version is version 3 of this project. I went from super vanilla js, like nothing but barebones js to vite environment for three.js and now to react. Feels bad as I was making good progress with the project but I think switching into React will save me in the long run. I suppose this is more of a "YouDontNeedtoReadMe" journal, but that's okay. Probably won't give another update till I everything back to where I was before the switch.

10/15: I was planning on doing this more often but I forget. The conversion to react was initally "good" until I realised I actually had a llot of problems. So after more time then I thought it would, I think I have finally ironed out the issues. Still don't regret changing to react, I probably should've switched earlier. That's okay though. Finally getting to the actual content of the page and that animation. Need to get camera around the track and the info panels in. If I can do that, I think that will be most of the heavy lifting done on the wbesite. Certain page will be from a birdseye view, so that I can use paragraphs but that shouldn't be too hard. Panel animation I think will end up being a tough one but we will see.

11/20: Been awhile. Everything is finally making sense. When things don't work, I finally feel like I know why and if I don't, I can test the code in a way to find out why. I finally feel like I can write decent enough code that is riddled with errors. Still errors, but they feel like small issues. Since the last entry, about half of the time was used to figure out errors that weren't pressing but needed to be fixed eventually, mainly with mounting everything and their containers. Navbar is in the best spot its ever been and behaves mostly as I want it to. Need the info panels and technically it would be ready to launch. However, I want a page for longer form content and my bio so once I finish track panels, I will deal with that. 